Developer onboarding resources (#1420)
pyrsia/pyrsia: docs/community/get_involved/developer_onboarding.md

# Developer Onboarding

> If you are interested to contribute in Pyrsia project, here are a few important resources which might helpful on your onboarding journey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested to contribute in Pyrsia project, here are a few important resources which might be helpful on your onboarding journey.
```

## Join, Subscribe & Access

Request membership access to join [googlegroup for Pyrsia](https://groups.google.com/g/pyrsia). This will allow you to
receive emails and calendar invites send to Pyrsia Googlegroup.

> We collaborate different project related artifacts using Google Drive's shared directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We collaborate on the project using Google Drive's shared directory
```

[Pyrsia](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1vXO2YUjdyFXfjNGiKn82kUQ5ePrzp_jV?usp=share_link)

Join Slack Workspace [Continuous Delivery Foundation](https://cdeliveryfdn.slack.com/). Join a few Slack channels #pyrsia, #pyrsia-team, #pyrsia-alert, #pyrsia-notifications

Subscribe [PyrsiaOSS](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClPQKloIElvJk7EdSST3W5g) Youtube channel for latest release, to know what is happening.

> ## Technical Resources and Few Important Concepts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Technical Resources and a Few Important Concepts
```

### Rust

Here a few Rust resources to start with

- [Getting Started Rust Programming Language](https://www.rust-lang.org/learn/get-started)
- [rustlings 🦀❤️](https://github.com/rust-lang/rustlings) small exercises to get you used to Rust coding.
- [The Rust Programming Language](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/book/) book
- Chapter by Chapter [The Rust Lang Book Video Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLai5B987bZ9CoVR-QEIN9foz4QCJ0H2Y8)
- [The Cargo Book](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/index.html) - Rust Package Manager
- A collection of runnable example at [Rust By Example](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/rust-by-example/)
- In Pyrsia we use Asynchronous Programing in quite a few places. You would find important concepts at [Asynchronous Programming in Rust](https://rust-lang.github.io/async-book/)

### Third Party Frameworks & Libraries

To build Pyrsia's decentralized network we made some architectural design decisions for **_peer to peer_**
communications. This requires us to use a few protocols and their third party implementations. Here is a list of few

> major of them along with useful links to relevant documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of them along with useful links to relevant documents.
```

> - We are profoundly using libp2p in Pyrsia project development. It is recommended to go through some more details from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pyrsia uses libp2p library for building the decentralized network
```
